Apple Creek whitetails at its finest
like thank Apple Creek whitetails know
that for a buck of a lifetime Apple
Creek range yeah I'm gonna have to bring
my life wife here now because it's just
been an incredible experience
you
bagged and tagged the new scent
sensation that sends the ultimate
message downwind trophy whitetail bucks
are dying to smell so simple yet
absolutely deadly fresh doe urine
collected from our herd will coincide
perfectly with the hormonal condition of
the Midwestern deer you'll be hunting
and it's exactly what your buck is
expecting our collection system is new
and state-of-the-art and allows us to
collect and package for any date you
choose baguette egg comes packaged in 1
5 and 10 packs for your convenience one
bag of fresh scent for each day of your
hunt with a sealed outer package bag and
tag is protected from the air until
you're ready to hang it up and let the
wind do the rest to order and learn more
go online to the trophy hunting channel
com click on pro shop order for your
specific hunt dates and we'll collect
package and have bagged and tagged at
your door right before your hunt avoid
the rush and order early bag and tag it
just makes sense